---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-01-23T22:27:33.829Z'
dateModified: '2016-01-23T19:37:21.137Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-01-23-96c6e7f7-3900-4c4e-8aab-0fbea28ebe65.md
published: true
url: 96c6e7f7-3900-4c4e-8aab-0fbea28ebe65/index.html
_type: Article

---
One of the leading direct selling companies devoted to encouraging healthy living has partnered with the United States Professional Tennis Association (USPTA) to provide a new member benefit to USPTA-certified Professionals. Jeunesse, marketed by Athletic Advantage Consulting, is now the official nutritional and wellness products provider of the USPTA, now an independent distributor of Jeunesse.

Jeunesse is not the same old story of skin care and supplements with the same old network model. Jeunesse is a global business that helps people reach their full potential in youthful looks, in healthy living, in embracing life. Jeunesse combines breakthrough sciences in a product system that enhances youth by working at the cellular level, including consumable nutritional products and other anti-aging products.

"We are excited to partner with the USPTA and provide its members with a platform to help their communities become healthier through an amazing line of products as well as a plug and play nutritional system," said Jay Lewandowski, co-founder of Athletic Advantage Consulting. "We want to help the professionals add value to their current offerings, build their brand, and give great results to their clients. By helping clients become healthier off the court, the tennis professional can maximize the results gained on the court."

In addition, Athletic Advantage Consulting will contribute 5 percent of all purchases made by USPTA professional-level members for their commissionable volume sales generated through their retail facilities or for personal use to their individual USPTA Retirement Gold+ accounts. To receive this benefit, USPTA Professionals must enroll through www.USPTA.jeunesseglobal.com.

"Our tennis-teaching professionals are committed to healthy lifestyles for themselves and their customer base. By partnering with Jeunesse, USPTA is able to expand the resources that we offer our members," said USPTA CEO John Embree. "Jeunesse provides our members the opportunity to build a residual income to help support their families while making a contribution to their financial future."

The company becomes the tenth contributor to the USPTA retirement program since its inception in January 2014\.  Jeunesse joins leading tennis and wellness companies Prince Global Sports, Fromuth, NetKnacks, Hop-a-Razzi, Power Plate, 2XU, Connor Sport Court International, 10-S Tennis Supply and Plannit in contributing directly to USPTA-certified Professionals' retirement accounts.